---
title: 'Research Diary'
date: 2018-08-27
permalink: /posts/2018/08/my-demo-blog/
---

Oct 20, 2018
---
Reading the core code, and now I'm still debuging.

Oct 19, 2018
---
Installing the environment of NEL, which is so complicate. and run some examples.

Oct 16, 2018
---
Discussing some issues of NEL and NER with teamates.

Oct 15, 2018
---
Read the paper of [NEL](http://aclweb.org/anthology/Q15-1011).

Oct 13, 2018
---
Aiming at enhancing the NER performance on wiki-style passage, I read the paper [Learning multilingual named entity recognition from Wikipedia](https://figshare.com/articles/Learning_multilingual_named_entity_recognition_from_Wikipedia/5462500/1), which proves that differences between CoNLL and Wikipedia, traning on the CoNLL will lead to bad performance on Wikigold. And we can create a wiki-style training dataset, which can enhancing the performance of NER on Wikipedia. And I think after finishing the pipeline of NER and NEL, I can try it.

Oct 10, 2018
---
Ran the old NER model and code, finding that new code runs faster and the f1 score is a little bit higher than the old.

Oct 9, 2018
---
Tested the model on WikiGold dataset, which is manually annotated, only to found the fi score is 65. And I changed the IO annotation to BIO annotation, finding that BIO is harder for NER model.

Oct 8, 2018
---
After finishing modifying the NER model and code, I ran the code of NER, training on the CoNLL dataset, the F1 score on testb can reach 90.6. 

Sep 29, 2018
---
Got the NER dataset of WekiPedia, wikigold.conll. I viewed the whole project, and processing teh dataset, now I'm still debugging. 

Sep 28, 2018
---
View the blog given by the author, and read sevaral papers, making myself qualified to writing relating codes.

Sep 27, 2018
---
Recieve the work of NER(QA4IE), I fund [a related work of NER](https://github.com/guillaumegenthial/tf_ner), which is implemented by advanced tensorflow API. The speed and the quality of NER are nice, I plan to redo the work of NER in QA4IE, enhancing the main entity recognizing score from 85% to 95%. In addition, I planed to use some dataset which is related to Weki. I ran several small experiments given by the author, and plan to learn basic knowledge of NER tormorrow.

